Colesk : Unifying Education

Facebook? Old. Whatsapp? Limited. LinkedIn? Pffff. Twitter?  They allow only upto 400 Characters!!!!

So what are you thinking? Well, I’m thinking about Colesk. What’s Colesk you ask? It’s nothing new you haven’t seen but you
haven’t seen anything like it. Colesk is the next stepping stone in education. Its a platform for students to share everything.
Colesk is in short a Social Network for students revolving around the idea of unifying education and the best thing about this
is that it is run by you, students. It’s the ultimate platform to integrate education worldwide !!! and also the best platform
for sharing notes and projects online so that you can collaborate.  Find out where your friend is going for Internship or which
companys are comeing for recruitment.The possibilities are only limited by your imagination.

Colesk consists of three main layers. 
  1.The College/School seg, This is where the main page representing the college is made. This page is constructed by the students of the college/School by collaborating with each other. Here the events which are going on in the institution can be found. This is purely public page which everyone can view from anywhere in the world. 
  
  2.The Branch segment, here you can find out more about the branches and the projects going on. 
  
  3.The Students seg, which sits inside the branch page and you can find out about the students in the branches. Each student have their own customizable profile much like Facebook timeline. 
  
  Colesk can be used to share resources for education and collaborating between colleges for different events. The Platform is
  laid out exactly like in the real world, first the institution then the branches and finally the students who are in there.
  The thing that makes Colesk a class apart is the higly customizable options in which only the students are able to make
  their own College’s page and Branch page. This way each of the College page will have a different layout and it is fun in its
  own way. The main profile page consists of a feed in which the current topics which are started by students or the Collges
  you followed can be seen. Everything from when the Tech Fest is going to be conducted to what the current Hot Issue going
  on in the Campus can be found on your own feed and you can start your own topic and you can select who all can view and
  respond to that topic much like Reddit. You can decide on who all you follow and decide topics from which all Colleges you’d
  like to see in your feed. Within the Branch/Class Seg, you’ll have a hub which is basically a group chat for all your daily
  homeworks and notes from the class you bunked or dozed off. It is basically a a student’s best friend and his partner in
  crime. The best thing about this is that, through Colesk you can go deep into the College even if you’re not a part of the
  College and through complete transparency you can fix the faults yourself or make use of the anonymous function to express
  your views on a certain factor related to your college or an external issue. It can also help a student in finding out
  wheather the College of their dreams is really a place they’d like to spend the next few years in. This website can bridge
  the gap between Institutions. That’s Colesk for you folks!
